rmdir /s /q "MEGAsync Downloads" 

find /media/Datos/Pcks/ -type d -name 'ppv'

find /media/garcarius/SAMSUNG/pedidos/ -type d -name 'ppv'
*****

Correo: maranchavi97@gmail.com
Clave: Soytefa.97**
*PM.Soytefa.97**
****
$ du -hs * | sort -rh | head -20
#### /media/Datos/Pcks
7,6G	wildwitch
7,3G	Jasmineskii
7,2G	Ava Bonilla @onlyfansisfree on tg
7,1G	Lucisatana @onlyfansisfree on tg
7,0G	myladelrey
7,0G	corinnakopf
6,9G	zinahadid
6,2G	hispanicmami
6,1G	Lily Rose
6,1G	KoraElle222 @onlyfansisfree on tg
6,1G	Kandjbaby
5,8G	Amourettie @onlyfansisfree on tg
5,7G	katie
5,6G	dianamelanciacu
5,4G	EsmeeTeaches @onlyfansisfree on tg
5,2G	kiarafonsea
4,7G	MixedChickRegina u144361844
4,6G	karolpassosx
4,6G	erojolene
4,5G	estelasaubi @onlyfansisfree on tg


puta vaca de mierda busc√° trabajo puta

#### /media/Datos/Pcks ppvs


#### /media/garcarius/SAMSUNG/pedidos/  ppv

afterdarkwillow @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
Alejamiel18 @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
ambermoody @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
Amyyyy007 @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
Andreeamaresof @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
asian.candy @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
Austin White @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
AvianaViolet @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
baby_buffyvip @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
BxbyVioletx @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
orphicbunny @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
Pisceus @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
pixiecat @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
rayjazlyn @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
royalwednesday @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
siennagarciaog @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
SongHeli @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
stellaviolet @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
sunnyblondy  @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
Jezzi.xo  @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
julesari @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
julietayanez @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
kaybaby1 @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
KellyKay @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
KrissyKummins @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
kyia1 @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
Laurenxburch @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
laylabrooks0 @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
Linabelfiore/ppv
Liviblondie @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
Lizzi69 @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
Lolaknives @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
Lorean @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
TodoPokie @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
urlilgoddess @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
valeriavidal_vv/ppv
Vanessy @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
chromazz @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
elenakamperi/ppv
Emarrb @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
emblack @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
fairyalexx @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
Fairycreamgirl @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
fatherkels @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
favcunttvx @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
Gabbygoessling/ppv
McKinleyRaynaa @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
MeganWorld @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
mikaelatesta @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
milenagrace @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
Mulanvuitton @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
NamiGoneWild @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
NatalieCoppes @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv
noey_yanisa @onlyfansisfree on tg/ppv

#### /media/garcarius/SAMSUNG/pedidos/  ppv




#### /media/documentos/pedidos 
4,4G	baranaismar
4,3G	tuflacapvt
4,3G	gemthejewels
4,0G	jasminesoles
3,8G	lorenamackenzie
3,6G	paola_suarezwild
3,5G	carla_14
3,1G	slimlicious
2,6G	kennaVita
2,5G	theprivateavocado
2,4G	devilkhloee
1,6G	carolainrivera
1,5G	dayscolina
1,4G	Mobilesuitstella
678M	darkkwinter
345M	ladaniesbr
286M	nicoleeeprz
277M	vanessabazanonly
215M	liz
161M	mspichers3



